---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_autostopping_azure_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for AWS Autostopping proxy
---

# harness_autostopping_azure_gateway (Data Source)

Data source for AWS Autostopping proxy

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_autostopping_azure_gateway" "test" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `azure_func_region` (String) Region in which azure cloud function will be provisioned
- `cloud_connector_id` (String) Id of the cloud connector
- `delete_cloud_resources_on_destroy` (Boolean) Governs how the loadabalancer entity will be deleted on Terraform destroy. When set to true, the associated Application Gateway will be deleted permanently from Azure account. Be fully aware of the consequneces of settting this to true, as the action is irreversible. When set to false, solely the Harness LB representation will be deleted, leaving the cloud resources intact.
- `host_name` (String) Hostname for the proxy
- `name` (String) Name of the proxy
- `region` (String) Region in which cloud resources are hosted
- `resource_group` (String) Resource group in which cloud resources are hosted
- `vpc` (String) VPC in which cloud resources are hosted

### Optional

- `app_gateway_id` (String) ID of Azure AppGateway for importing
- `certificate_id` (String) ID of existing SSL certificate from AppGateway being imported. Required only for SSL based rules
- `frontend_ip` (String) ID of IP address to be used. Required only for creating new AppGateway. See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/application-gateway-components#static-versus-dynamic-public-ip-address for more details
- `sku_size` (String) Size of machine used for the gateway
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet in which cloud resources are hosted

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource
