---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_chaos_probe_template Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness Chaos Probe Template.
---

# harness_chaos_probe_template (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness Chaos Probe Template.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hub_identity` (String) Identity of the chaos hub.

### Optional

- `identity` (String) Unique identifier of the probe template.
- `name` (String) Name of the probe template.
- `org_id` (String) Organization identifier.
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier.
- `cmd_probe` (List of Object) Command probe configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cmd_probe))
- `description` (String) Description of the probe template.
- `http_probe` (List of Object) HTTP probe configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_probe))
- `hub_ref` (String) Hub reference.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `infrastructure_type` (String) Infrastructure type.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default version.
- `k8s_probe` (List of Object) Kubernetes probe configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s_probe))
- `revision` (Number) Revision number.
- `run_properties` (List of Object) Run properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--run_properties))
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the probe template.
- `type` (String) Type of the probe template.
- `variables` (List of Object) Template variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--cmd_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cmd_probe`

Read-Only:

- `command` (String)
- `source` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--http_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_probe`

Read-Only:

- `method` (String)
- `url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--k8s_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s_probe`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)
- `resource` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--run_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_properties`

Read-Only:

- `interval` (String)
- `stop_on_failure` (Boolean)
- `timeout` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variables`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `required` (Boolean)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)
