---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_repo_cred Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for fetching a GitOps Repository Credentials.
---

# harness_platform_gitops_repo_cred (Data Source)

Data source for fetching a GitOps Repository Credentials.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_gitops_repo_cred" "test" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  account_id = "account_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  agent_id   = "agent_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier of the Repository Credentials.
- `agent_id` (String) Agent identifier of the Repository Credentials.
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the Repository Credentials.

### Optional

- `creds` (Block List) credential details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--creds))
- `org_id` (String) Organization identifier of the Repository Credentials.
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier of the Repository Credentials.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `creds`

Optional:

- `enable_oci` (Boolean) Specifies whether helm-oci support should be enabled for this repo.
- `github_app_enterprise_base_url` (String) Specifies the GitHub API URL for GitHub app authentication.
- `github_app_id` (String) Specifies the Github App ID of the app used to access the repo for GitHub app authentication.
- `github_app_installation_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the installed GitHub App for GitHub app authentication.
- `github_app_private_key` (String) github_app_private_key specifies the private key PEM data for authentication via GitHub app.
- `password` (String) Password or PAT to be used for authenticating the remote repository.
- `ssh_private_key` (String) SSH Key in PEM format for authenticating the repository. Used only for Git repository.
- `tls_client_cert_data` (String) Certificate in PEM format for authenticating at the repo server. This is used for mTLS.
- `tls_client_cert_key` (String) Private key in PEM format for authenticating at the repo server. This is used for mTLS.
- `type` (String) Type specifies the type of the repoCreds.Can be either 'git' or 'helm. 'git' is assumed if empty or absent
- `url` (String) URL of the remote repository. Make sure you pass at least an org, this will not work if you just provide the host, for eg. "https://github.com"
- `username` (String) Username to be used for authenticating the remote repository.
