---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_project Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# harness_platform_gitops_project (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_gitops_repository" "example" {
  agent_id   = "agent_id"
  query_name = "query_name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier of the GitOps project.
- `agent_id` (String) Agent identifier of the GitOps project.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) Org identifier of the GitOps project.
- `project` (Block List) GitOps project configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project))
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `query_name` (String) Identifier for the GitOps project.
- `upsert` (Boolean) Indicates if the GitOps repository should be updated if existing and inserted if not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block List) Metadata details for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List) Specification details for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec))
- `status` (Block List) Status details for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--status))

<a id="nestedblock--project--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations associated with the GitOps project.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster associated with the GitOps project.
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (String) Deletion grace period in seconds of the GitOps project.
- `finalizers` (List of String) Finalizers associated with the GitOps project.
- `generate_name` (String) Generated name of the GitOps project.
- `generation` (String) Generation of the GitOps project.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the GitOps project.
- `managed_fields` (Block List) Managed fields associated with the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name of the GitOps project.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the GitOps project.
- `owner_references` (Block List) Owner references associated with the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the GitOps project.
- `self_link` (String) Self link of the GitOps project.
- `uid` (String) UID of the GitOps project.

<a id="nestedblock--project--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the operation performed.
- `fields_type` (String) Type of the fields in the GitOps project.
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) Raw fields associated with the GitOps project.
- `manager` (String) Manager responsible for the operation.
- `operation` (String) Operation type performed on the GitOps project.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource associated with the GitOps project.
- `time` (Map of String) Timestamp of the operation.


<a id="nestedblock--project--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the owner reference.
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) Specifies whether to block owner deletion.
- `controller` (Boolean) Specifies whether the owner reference is a controller.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the owner reference.
- `name` (String) Name of the owner reference.
- `uid` (String) UID of the owner reference.



<a id="nestedblock--project--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_resource_blacklist` (Block List) Cluster resource blacklist for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--cluster_resource_blacklist))
- `cluster_resource_whitelist` (Block List) Cluster resource whitelist for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--cluster_resource_whitelist))
- `description` (String) Description of the GitOps project.
- `destinations` (Block List) Destinations for deployment of the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--destinations))
- `namespace_resource_blacklist` (Block List) Namespace resource blacklist for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--namespace_resource_blacklist))
- `namespace_resource_whitelist` (Block List) Namespace resource whitelist for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--namespace_resource_whitelist))
- `orphaned_resources` (Block List) Orphaned resources configuration for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--orphaned_resources))
- `roles` (Block List) Roles associated with the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--roles))
- `signature_keys` (Block List) Signature keys for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--signature_keys))
- `source_repos` (List of String) Source repositories for the GitOps project.
- `sync_windows` (Block List) Synchronization windows for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--sync_windows))

<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--cluster_resource_blacklist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.cluster_resource_blacklist`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the cluster resource blacklist.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the cluster resource blacklist.


<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--cluster_resource_whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.cluster_resource_whitelist`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the cluster resource whitelist.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the cluster resource whitelist.


<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.destinations`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the destination.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the destination.
- `server` (String) Server URL of the destination.


<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--namespace_resource_blacklist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.namespace_resource_blacklist`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the namespace resource blacklist.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the namespace resource blacklist.


<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--namespace_resource_whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.namespace_resource_whitelist`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the namespace resource whitelist.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the namespace resource whitelist.


<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--orphaned_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.orphaned_resources`

Optional:

- `ignore` (Block List) List of ignored orphaned resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--orphaned_resources--ignore))
- `warn` (Boolean) Whether to warn about orphaned resources.

<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--orphaned_resources--ignore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.orphaned_resources.ignore`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the ignored orphaned resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the ignored orphaned resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the ignored orphaned resource.



<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.roles`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of the role.
- `name` (String) Name of the role.

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) Groups associated with the role.
- `jwt_tokens` (Block List) JWT tokens associated with the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--spec--roles--jwt_tokens))
- `policies` (List of String) Policies associated with the role.

<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--roles--jwt_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.roles.jwt_tokens`

Optional:

- `exp` (String) Expiration time of the JWT token.
- `iat` (String) Issued At time of the JWT token.
- `id` (String) ID of the JWT token.



<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--signature_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.signature_keys`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) ID of the signature key.


<a id="nestedblock--project--spec--sync_windows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.spec.sync_windows`

Optional:

- `applications` (List of String) Applications associated with synchronization window.
- `clusters` (List of String) Clusters associated with synchronization window.
- `duration` (String) Duration of synchronization window.
- `kind` (String) Kind of synchronization window.
- `manual_sync` (Boolean) Whether manual synchronization is enabled.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces associated with synchronization window.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule of synchronization window.
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone of synchronization window.



<a id="nestedblock--project--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.status`

Optional:

- `jwt_tokens_by_role` (Block List) JWT tokens by role status for the GitOps project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--status--jwt_tokens_by_role))

<a id="nestedblock--project--status--jwt_tokens_by_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.status.jwt_tokens_by_role`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) List of JWT tokens by role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project--status--jwt_tokens_by_role--items))

<a id="nestedblock--project--status--jwt_tokens_by_role--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project.status.jwt_tokens_by_role.items`

Optional:

- `exp` (String) Expiration time of the JWT token.
- `iat` (String) Issued At time of the JWT token.
- `id` (String) ID of the JWT token.
