---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_pipeline_filters Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness Pipeline Filter.
---

# harness_platform_pipeline_filters (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness Pipeline Filter.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `type` (String) Type of filter. Currently supported types are {PipelineSetup, PipelineExecution, Deployment, Template, EnvironmentGroup, Environment}.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) Organization Identifier for the Entity.
- `project_id` (String) Project Identifier for the Entity.

### Read-Only

- `filter_properties` (List of Object) Properties of the filter entity defined in Harness. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter_properties))
- `filter_visibility` (String) This indicates visibility of filter. By default, everyone can view this filter.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the Filter.

<a id="nestedatt--filter_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_properties`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `filter_type` (String)
- `module_properties` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties))
- `name` (String)
- `pipeline_identifiers` (List of String)
- `pipeline_tags` (List of Map of String)
- `tags` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_properties.module_properties`

Read-Only:

- `cd` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--cd))
- `ci` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--ci))

<a id="nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--cd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_properties.module_properties.cd`

Read-Only:

- `artifact_display_names` (Set of String)
- `deployment_types` (String)
- `environment_names` (Set of String)
- `service_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--ci"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_properties.module_properties.ci`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String)
- `build_type` (String)
- `ci_execution_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--ci--ci_execution_info))
- `repo_names` (String)
- `tag` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--ci--ci_execution_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_properties.module_properties.ci.tag`

Read-Only:

- `event` (String)
- `pull_request` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--ci--tag--pull_request))

<a id="nestedobjatt--filter_properties--module_properties--ci--tag--pull_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_properties.module_properties.ci.tag.pull_request`

Read-Only:

- `source_branch` (String)
- `target_branch` (String)
