---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_secret_sshkey Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for looking up an SSH Key type secret.
---

# harness_platform_secret_sshkey (Data Source)

Resource for looking up an SSH Key type secret.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_secret_sshkey" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kerberos` (List of Object) Kerberos authentication scheme (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kerberos))
- `port` (Number) SSH port
- `ssh` (List of Object) Kerberos authentication scheme (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssh))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--kerberos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kerberos`

Read-Only:

- `principal` (String)
- `realm` (String)
- `tgt_generation_method` (String)
- `tgt_key_tab_file_path_spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--kerberos--tgt_key_tab_file_path_spec))
- `tgt_password_spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--kerberos--tgt_password_spec))

<a id="nestedobjatt--kerberos--tgt_key_tab_file_path_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kerberos.tgt_key_tab_file_path_spec`

Read-Only:

- `key_path` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--kerberos--tgt_password_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kerberos.tgt_password_spec`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh`

Read-Only:

- `credential_type` (String)
- `ssh_password_credential` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ssh--ssh_password_credential))
- `sshkey_path_credential` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ssh--sshkey_path_credential))
- `sshkey_reference_credential` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ssh--sshkey_reference_credential))

<a id="nestedobjatt--ssh--ssh_password_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh.ssh_password_credential`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String)
- `user_name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--ssh--sshkey_path_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh.sshkey_path_credential`

Read-Only:

- `encrypted_passphrase` (String)
- `key_path` (String)
- `user_name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--ssh--sshkey_reference_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh.sshkey_reference_credential`

Read-Only:

- `encrypted_assphrase` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `user_name` (String)


