---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_gcp_secret_manager Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Datasource for looking up GCP Secret Manager connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_gcp_secret_manager (Data Source)

Datasource for looking up GCP Secret Manager connector.

References:
- For details on how to onboard with Terraform, please see [Harness Terraform Provider Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/automation/terraform/harness-terraform-provider-overview/)
- To understand how to use GCP Secret Manager, please see [Documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/secrets/secrets-management/add-a-google-cloud-secret-manager)
- To get more information about Api, please see [API documentation](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Connectors)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_connector_gcp_secret_manager" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `credentials_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing credentials of IAM service account for Google Secret Manager. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) The delegates to inherit the credentials from.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `execute_on_delegate` (Boolean) Execute on delegate or not.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inherit_from_delegate` (Boolean) Inherit configuration from delegate.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Set this flag to set this secret manager as default secret manager.
- `oidc_authentication` (List of Object) Authentication using harness oidc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc_authentication))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--oidc_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `gcp_project_id` (String)
- `provider_id` (String)
- `service_account_email` (String)
- `workload_pool_id` (String)
