---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_gnupg Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a GPG public key in the server's configuration.
---

# harness_platform_gitops_gnupg (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a GPG public key in the server's configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_gitops_gnupg" "example" {
  account_id = "account_id"
  agent_id   = "agent_id"
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account Identifier for the GnuPG Key.
- `agent_id` (String) Agent identifier for the GnuPG Key.

### Optional

- `identifier` (String) Identifier for the GnuPG Key.
- `org_id` (String) Organization Identifier for the GnuPG Key.
- `project_id` (String) Project Identifier for the GnuPG Key.
- `request` (Block List) GnuPGPublicKey is a representation of a GnuPG public key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--request))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Optional:

- `publickey` (Block List) Public key details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--request--publickey))
- `upsert` (Boolean) Indicates if the GnuPG Key should be inserted if not present or updated if present.

<a id="nestedblock--request--publickey"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request.publickey`

Optional:

- `fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint is the fingerprint of the key
- `key_data` (String) KeyData holds the raw key data, in base64 encoded format
- `key_id` (String) KeyID specifies the key ID, in hexadecimal string format.
- `owner` (String) Owner holds the owner identification, e.g. a name and e-mail address
- `sub_type` (String) SubType holds the key's sub type
- `trust` (String) Trust holds the level of trust assigned to this key


