---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_policyset Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness policyset.
---

# harness_platform_policyset (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness policyset.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_policyset" "test" {
  identifier = "harness_platform_policyset.test.identifier"
  name       = "harness_platform_policyset.test.name"
  action     = "onrun"
  type       = "pipeline"
  enabled    = true
  policy_references {
    identifier = "always_run"
    severity   = "warning"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) Action code for the policyset.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `type` (String) Type of the policyset.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled for the policyset.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `policies` (Block List, Deprecated) List of policy identifiers / severity for the policyset. Deprecated: Use 'policy_references' instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policies))
- `policy_references` (Block Set) Set of policy identifiers / severity for the policyset. Order is not significant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy_references))
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the policy
- `severity` (String) Policy failure response - 'warning' for continuation, 'error' for exit


<a id="nestedblock--policy_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_references`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the policy
- `severity` (String) Policy failure response - 'warning' for continuation, 'error' for exit
