---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for looking up an Azure key vault connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault (Data Source)

Data source for looking up an Azure key vault connector.

References:
- For details on how to onboard with Terraform, please see [Harness Terraform Provider Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/terraform/harness-terraform-provider-overview/)
- To understand how to use Azure Key Vault, please see [Documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Secrets/Secrets-Management/azure-key-vault)
- To get more information about Api, please see [API documentation](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Connectors)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `azure_environment_type` (String) Azure environment type. Possible values: AZURE or AZURE_US_GOVERNMENT. Default value: AZURE
- `client_id` (String) Application ID of the Azure App.
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Connect using only the delegates which have these tags.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not is the default value.
- `secret_key` (String) The Harness text secret with the Azure authentication key as its value.
- `subscription` (String) Azure subscription ID.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure Active Directory (AAD) directory ID where you created your application.
- `vault_name` (String) Name of the vault.


