---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_service_now Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Datasource for looking up a Service Now connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_service_now (Data Source)

Datasource for looking up a Service Now connector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_connector_service_now" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `auth` (List of Object) The credentials to use for the service now authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth))
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Tags to filter delegates for connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `password_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the password to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `service_now_url` (String) URL of service now.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `username` (String) Username to use for authentication.
- `username_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the username to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

<a id="nestedatt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Read-Only:

- `adfs` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--auth--adfs))
- `auth_type` (String)
- `refresh_token` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--auth--refresh_token))
- `username_password` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--auth--username_password))

<a id="nestedobjatt--auth--adfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.adfs`

Read-Only:

- `adfs_url` (String)
- `certificate_ref` (String)
- `client_id_ref` (String)
- `private_key_ref` (String)
- `resource_id_ref` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--auth--refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.refresh_token`

Read-Only:

- `client_id_ref` (String)
- `client_secret_ref` (String)
- `refresh_token_ref` (String)
- `scope` (String)
- `token_url` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--auth--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.username_password`

Read-Only:

- `password_ref` (String)
- `username` (String)
- `username_ref` (String)


