---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_environment Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness environment.
---

# harness_platform_environment (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_environment" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `git_details` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains parameters related to Git Experience for remote entities (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_details))
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `color` (String) Color of the environment.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `type` (String) The type of environment.
- `yaml` (String) Environment YAML. In YAML, to reference an entity at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference an entity at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}. For eg, to reference a connector with identifier 'connectorId' at the organization scope in a stage mention it as connectorRef: org.connectorId.

<a id="nestedblock--git_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_details`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Name of the branch.
- `load_from_fallback_branch` (Boolean) Load environment yaml from fallback branch
- `repo_name` (String) Repo name of remote environment
