---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_agent_deploy_yaml Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Datasource for fetching a Harness Gitops Agent deployment manifest YAML.
---

# harness_platform_gitops_agent_deploy_yaml (Data Source)

Datasource for fetching a Harness Gitops Agent deployment manifest YAML.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_gitops_agent_deploy_yaml" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  account_id = "account_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  namespace  = "namespace"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `namespace` (String) The kubernetes namespace where the agent is installed.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String, Deprecated) Account identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `argocd_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Argocd settings for the GitOps agent. Values set here will be overridden by the values set in the argocd settings in case of complete installation of agent + argocd. Each param contains as a description about what it will enable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--argocd_settings))
- `ca_data` (String) CA data of the GitOps agent, base64 encoded content of ca chain.
- `org_id` (String) Organization identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `private_key` (String) Private key for the GitOps agent. If provided authentication token will not be regenerated. Must be base64 encoded.
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `proxy` (Block List) Proxy settings for the GitOps agent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proxy))
- `skip_crds` (Boolean) Skip CRDs for the GitOps agent.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `yaml` (String) The deployment manifest YAML of the GitOps agent.

<a id="nestedblock--argocd_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `argocd_settings`

Optional:

- `enable_helm_path_traversal` (Boolean) Controls the Environment variable HELM_SECRETS_VALUES_ALLOW_PATH_TRAVERSAL to allow or deny dot-dot-slash values file paths. Disabled by default for security reasons. This config is pushed as an env variable to the repo-server.


<a id="nestedblock--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Optional:

- `http` (String) HTTP proxy settings for the GitOps agent.
- `https` (String) HTTPS proxy settings for the GitOps agent.
- `password` (String) Password for the proxy.
- `username` (String) Username for the proxy.
