---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_infra_variable_set Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving Variable Sets.
---

# harness_platform_infra_variable_set (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving Variable Sets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_infra_variable_set" "test" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}

data "harness_platform_infra_variable_set" "testorg" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  org_id     = "someorg"
}

data "harness_platform_infra_variable_set" "testproj" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  org_id     = "someorg"
  project_id = "someproj"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `connector` (Block Set) Provider connectors configured on the Variable Set. Only one connector of a type is supported (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connector))
- `environment_variable` (Block Set) Environment variables configured on the Variable Set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--environment_variable))
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `terraform_variable` (Block Set) Terraform variables configured on the Variable Set. Terraform variable keys must be unique within the Variable Set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--terraform_variable))
- `terraform_variable_file` (Block Set) Terraform variables files configured on the Variable Set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--terraform_variable_file))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector`

Required:

- `connector_ref` (String) Connector Ref is the reference to the connector
- `type` (String) Type is the connector type of the connector. Supported types: aws, azure, gcp


<a id="nestedblock--environment_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the identifier for the variable. Must be unique within the Variable Set.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the variable. For string value types this field should contain the value of the variable. For secret value types this should contain a reference to a valid harness secret.
- `value_type` (String) Value type indicates the value type of the variable. Currently we support string and secret.


<a id="nestedblock--terraform_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_variable`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the identifier for the variable. Must be unique within the Variable Set.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the variable. For string value types this field should contain the value of the variable. For secret value types this should contain a reference to a valid harness secret.
- `value_type` (String) Value type indicates the value type of the variable. Currently we support string and secret.


<a id="nestedblock--terraform_variable_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_variable_file`

Required:

- `repository` (String) Repository is the name of the repository to fetch the code from.
- `repository_connector` (String) Repository connector is the reference to the connector used to fetch the variables.

Optional:

- `repository_branch` (String) Repository branch is the name of the branch to fetch the variables from. This cannot be set if repository commit or sha is set
- `repository_commit` (String) Repository commit is tag to fetch the variables from. This cannot be set if repository branch or sha is set.
- `repository_path` (String) Repository path is the path in which the variables reside.
- `repository_sha` (String) Repository commit is SHA to fetch the variables from. This cannot be set if repository branch or commit is set.
