---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_repository Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data Source for fetching a Harness GitOps Repository.
---

# harness_platform_gitops_repository (Data Source)

Data Source for fetching a Harness GitOps Repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_gitops_repository" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  account_id = "account_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  agent_id   = "agent_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `agent_id` (String) Agent identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the GitOps repository.

### Optional

- `creds_only` (Boolean) Indicates if to operate on credential set instead of repository.
- `enable_oci` (Boolean) Indicates if helm-oci support must be enabled for this repo.
- `org_id` (String) Organization identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `query_force_refresh` (Boolean) Indicates to force refresh query for repository.
- `query_project` (String) Project to query for the GitOps repo.
- `query_repo` (String) GitOps repository to query.
- `update_mask` (Block List) Update mask of the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--update_mask))
- `upsert` (Boolean) Indicates if the GitOps repository should be updated if existing and inserted if not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `repo` (List of Object) Repo details holding application configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--repo))

<a id="nestedblock--update_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_mask`

Optional:

- `paths` (List of String) The set of field mask paths.


<a id="nestedatt--repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `repo`

Read-Only:

- `connection_type` (String)
- `enable_lfs` (Boolean)
- `enable_oci` (Boolean)
- `github_app_enterprise_base_url` (String)
- `github_app_id` (String)
- `github_app_installation_id` (String)
- `github_app_private_key` (String)
- `inherited_creds` (Boolean)
- `insecure` (Boolean)
- `insecure_ignore_host_key` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `project` (String)
- `proxy` (String)
- `repo` (String)
- `ssh_private_key` (String)
- `tls_client_cert_data` (String)
- `tls_client_cert_key` (String)
- `type_` (String)
- `username` (String)
