---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_ccm_perspective Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "NextGen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness CCM Filter.
---

# harness_platform_ccm_perspective (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness CCM Filter.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier of the CCM Perspective.
- `clone` (Boolean) Can clone the CCM Perspective.
- `name` (String) Name of the CCM Perspective.
- `view_version` (String) View version of the CCM Perspective.

### Optional

- `data_sources` (Set of String) The data sources of the CCM Perspective.
- `folder_id` (String) Folder Id of the CCM Perspective.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `total_cost` (Number) Total cost of the CCM Perspective.
- `view_preferences` (Block List) The view preferences of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_preferences))
- `view_rules` (Block List) The rules of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_rules))
- `view_state` (String) View state of the CCM Perspective.
- `view_time_range` (Block List) The time range of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_time_range))
- `view_type` (String) View type of the CCM Perspective.
- `view_visualization` (Block List) The view visualization of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_visualization))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) The time the CCM Perspective created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated_at` (Number) The time the CCM Perspective updated.

<a id="nestedblock--view_preferences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_preferences`

Optional:

- `include_others` (Boolean) Include others flag of the CCM Perspective.
- `include_unallocated_cost` (Boolean) Include unallocated cost flag of the CCM Perspective.


<a id="nestedblock--view_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_rules`

Optional:

- `view_conditions` (Block List) The conditions of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_rules--view_conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--view_rules--view_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_rules.view_conditions`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The view type of the CCM Perspective.
- `values` (Set of String) The rules of the CCM Perspective.
- `view_field` (Block List) The view field of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_rules--view_conditions--view_field))
- `view_operator` (String) The view operator of the CCM Perspective.

<a id="nestedblock--view_rules--view_conditions--view_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_rules.view_conditions.view_field`

Optional:

- `field_id` (String) The field id of the CCM Perspective.
- `field_name` (String) The field name of the CCM Perspective.
- `identifier_name` (String) The view field identifier name of the CCM Perspective.
- `view_field_identifier` (String) The view field identifier of the CCM Perspective.




<a id="nestedblock--view_time_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_time_range`

Optional:

- `end_time` (Number) The end time the CCM Perspective.
- `start_time` (Number) The start time the CCM Perspective.
- `view_time_range_type` (String) The time range of the CCM Perspective.


<a id="nestedblock--view_visualization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_visualization`

Optional:

- `chart_type` (String) The chart type of the CCM Perspective.
- `granularity` (String) The view granularity of the CCM Perspective.
- `group_by` (Block List) The group by view of the CCM Perspective. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--view_visualization--group_by))

<a id="nestedblock--view_visualization--group_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `view_visualization.group_by`

Optional:

- `field_id` (String) The field id of the CCM Perspective.
- `field_name` (String) The field name of the CCM Perspective.
- `group_by_identifier` (String) The view field identifier of the CCM Perspective.
- `identifier_name` (String) The view field identifier name of the CCM Perspective.
