---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_infrastructure Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness Infrastructure.
---

# harness_platform_infrastructure (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness Infrastructure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_infrastructure" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  name       = "name"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
  env_id     = "env_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) environment identifier.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `git_details` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains parameters related to Git Experience for remote entities (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_details))
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `deployment_type` (String) Infrastructure deployment type. Valid values are Kubernetes, NativeHelm, Ssh, WinRm, ServerlessAwsLambda, AzureWebApp, Custom, ECS, GoogleManagedInstanceGroup.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `type` (String) Type of Infrastructure. Valid values are KubernetesDirect, KubernetesGcp, ServerlessAwsLambda, Pdc, KubernetesAzure, SshWinRmAzure, SshWinRmAws, AzureWebApp, ECS, GitOps, CustomDeployment, TAS, KubernetesRancher, AWS_SAM, GoogleManagedInstanceGroup.
- `yaml` (String) Infrastructure YAML

<a id="nestedblock--git_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_details`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Name of the branch.
- `load_from_cache` (String) If the Entity is to be fetched from cache
- `load_from_fallback_branch` (Boolean) Load Infrastructure yaml from fallback branch
- `repo_name` (String) Repo name of remote Infrastructure
