---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_terraform_cloud Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for looking up a Terraform Cloud connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_terraform_cloud (Data Source)

Resource for looking up a Terraform Cloud connector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_connector_terraform_cloud" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credentials` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Credentials to connect to Terraform Cloud platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials))

### Optional

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Connect only using delegates with these tags.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `execute_on_delegate` (Boolean) Execute validation on delegate or not.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `url` (String) URL of the Terraform Cloud platform.

<a id="nestedblock--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Required:

- `api_token` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) API token credentials to use for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--api_token))

<a id="nestedblock--credentials--api_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.api_token`

Required:

- `api_token_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the api token to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.


