---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_vault Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  DataSource for looking up a Vault connector in Harness.
---

# harness_platform_connector_vault (Data Source)

DataSource for looking up a Vault connector in Harness.

References:
- For details on how to onboard with Terraform, please see [Harness Terraform Provider Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/automation/terraform/harness-terraform-provider-overview/)
- To understand how to use HashiCorp Vault, please see [Documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/secrets/secrets-management/add-hashicorp-vault)
- To get more information about Api, please see [API documentation](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Connectors)
## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_connector_vault" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `access_type` (String) Access type.
- `app_role_id` (String) ID of App Role.
- `auth_token` (String) The authentication token for Vault.
- `aws_region` (String) The AWS region where AWS IAM auth will happen.
- `base_path` (String) The location of the Vault directory where Secret will be stored.
- `default` (Boolean) Is default or not.
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) List of Delegate Selectors that belong to the same Delegate and are used to connect to the Secret Manager.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is default or not.
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) Read only or not.
- `k8s_auth_endpoint` (String) The path where kubernetes auth is enabled in Vault.
- `namespace` (String) The Vault namespace where Secret will be created.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Read only.
- `renew_app_role_token` (Boolean) Boolean value to indicate if appRole token renewal is enabled or not.
- `renewal_interval_minutes` (Number) The time interval for token renewal.
- `secret_engine_manually_configured` (Boolean) Manually entered Secret Engine.
- `secret_engine_name` (String) Name of the Secret Engine.
- `secret_engine_version` (Number) Version of Secret Engine.
- `secret_id` (String) ID of the Secret.
- `service_account_token_path` (String) The SA token path where the token is mounted in the K8s Pod.
- `sink_path` (String) The location at which auth token is to be read from.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `use_aws_iam` (Boolean) Boolean value to indicate if AWS IAM is used for authentication.
- `use_k8s_auth` (Boolean) Boolean value to indicate if K8s Auth is used for authentication.
- `use_vault_agent` (Boolean) Boolean value to indicate if Vault Agent is used for authentication.
- `vault_aws_iam_role` (String) The Vault role defined to bind to AWS IAM account/role being accessed.
- `vault_k8s_auth_role` (String) The role where K8s auth will happen.
- `vault_url` (String) URL of the HashiCorp Vault.
- `xvault_aws_iam_server_id` (String) The AWS IAM Header Server ID that has been configured for this AWS IAM instance.
- `use_jwt_auth` (Boolean) Boolean value to indicate if JWT is used for authentication.
- `vault_jwt_auth_role` (String) The Vault role defined with JWT auth type for accessing Vault as per policies binded.
- `vault_jwt_auth_path` (String) Custom path at with JWT auth in enabled for Vault.
- `execute_on_delegate` (Boolean) Execute on delegate or not.


