---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_role_assignments Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving role assignment.
---

# harness_platform_role_assignments (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving role assignment.

References:
- For details on how to onboard with Terraform, please see [Harness Terraform Provider Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/automation/terraform/harness-terraform-provider-overview/)
- To understand how to use Role Assignments, please see [Documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Role-Based-Access-Control/rbac-in-harness#role-assignment)
- To get more information about Api, please see [API documentation](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Role-Assignments)
## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_role_assignments" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Identifier for role assignment.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) Org identifier.
- `project_id` (String) Project Identifier

### Read-Only

- `disabled` (Boolean) The `disabled` attribute in the role assignment resource controls the status of the role assignment. Setting `disabled` to `false` activates the role and its permissions, enabling the assigned entity to perform allowed actions. Conversely, setting `disabled` to `true` deactivates the role, revoking the entity's permissions and action capabilities. Default value should be `false`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `managed` (Boolean) Specifies whether the role assignment is managed by Harness. Setting managed to `true` means that Harness will manage the lifecycle of the role assignment, including its creation, updates, and deletion. Conversely, setting it to `false` indicates that the role assignment is not managed by Harness, and thus Harness will not perform actions on it. Default value should be `false`.
- `principal` (List of Object) Principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--principal))
- `resource_group_identifier` (String) Resource group identifier.
- `role_identifier` (String) Role identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `principal`

Read-Only:

- `identifier` (String)
- `scope_level` (String)
- `type` (String)


