---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_gcp_kms Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Datasource for looking up GCP KMS connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_gcp_kms (Data Source)

Datasource for looking up GCP KMS connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) Set this flag to set this secret manager as default secret manager.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `execute_on_delegate` (Boolean) Enable this flag to execute on Delegate.
- `gcp_project_id` (String) The project ID of the GCP KMS.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_name` (String) The key name of the GCP KMS.
- `key_ring` (String) The key ring of the GCP KMS.
- `manual` (List of Object) Manual credential configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--manual))
- `oidc_authentication` (List of Object) Authentication using harness oidc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc_authentication))
- `region` (String) The region of the GCP KMS.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--manual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manual`

Read-Only:

- `credentials` (String)
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--oidc_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String)
- `gcp_project_id` (String)
- `provider_id` (String)
- `service_account_email` (String)
- `workload_pool_id` (String)
