---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_iacm_ansible_playbook Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness IaCM Ansible Playbook.
---

# harness_platform_iacm_ansible_playbook (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness IaCM Ansible Playbook.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_iacm_ansible_playbook" "example" {
  identifier = "my_playbook"
  org_id     = harness_platform_organization.example.id
  project_id = harness_platform_project.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `ansible_galaxy` (Boolean) Install Ansible Galaxy dependencies.
- `ansible_galaxy_requirements_file` (String) Path to the Ansible Galaxy requirements file.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `env_vars` (Set of Object) Environment variables configured on the playbook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env_vars))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `repository` (String) Repository name for the playbook.
- `repository_branch` (String) Repository branch for the playbook.
- `repository_commit` (String) Repository commit or tag for the playbook.
- `repository_connector` (String) Repository connector reference for the playbook.
- `repository_path` (String) Path within the repository where the playbook resides.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `vars` (Set of Object) Variables configured on the playbook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vars))

<a id="nestedatt--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_vars`

Read-Only:

- `file_name` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vars`

Read-Only:

- `file_name` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)
