---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_input_set Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness input set.
---

# harness_platform_input_set (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness input set.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `pipeline_id` (String) Identifier of the pipeline
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Optional

- `git_details` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains parameters related to creating an Entity for Git Experience. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_details))
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `yaml` (String) Input Set YAML

<a id="nestedblock--git_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_details`

Optional:

- `base_branch` (String) Name of the default branch (this checks out a new branch titled by branch_name).
- `last_commit_id` (String) Last commit identifier (for Git Repositories other than Github). To be provided only when updating Pipeline.
- `last_object_id` (String) Last object identifier (for Github). To be provided only when updating Pipeline.

Read-Only:

- `branch_name` (String) Name of the branch.
- `commit_message` (String) Commit message used for the merge commit.
- `connector_ref` (String) Identifier of the Harness Connector used for CRUD operations on the Entity.
- `file_path` (String) File path of the Entity in the repository.
- `parent_entity_connector_ref` (String) Connector reference for Parent Entity (Pipeline).
- `parent_entity_repo_name` (String) Repository name for Parent Entity (Pipeline).
- `repo_name` (String) Name of the repository.
- `store_type` (String) Specifies whether the Entity is to be stored in Git or not. Possible values: INLINE, REMOTE.


