---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_agent Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Datasource for fetching a Harness GitOps Agent.
---

# harness_platform_gitops_agent (Data Source)

Datasource for fetching a Harness GitOps Agent.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_gitops_agent" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  account_id = "account_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
  org_id     = "org_id"
}

# setting with_credentials to true returns the stored token for the agent.
# This is populated in the data source's output only if the agent is not currently authenticated to harness.
# Setting this to true also correctly populates the is_authenticated field in response
data "harness_platform_gitops_agent" "example" {
  identifier       = "identifier"
  account_id       = "account_id"
  project_id       = "project_id"
  org_id           = "org_id"
  with_credentials = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the GitOps agent.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) Organization identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier of the GitOps agent.
- `with_credentials` (Boolean) Specify whether to retrieve the gitops agent's token. (The field agent_token will be populated only if the agent has never connected to Harness before). For retrieval of this information, the user associated to the token being used must have Gitops Agent Edit permissions

### Read-Only

- `agent_token` (String) Agent token to be used for authentication of the agent with Harness.
- `description` (String) Description of the GitOps agent.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_authenticated` (Boolean) This computed field specifies if the referenced agent ever successfully connected and was authenticated to harness. Note that this is different from whether the agent is currently connected. <b>Set with_credentials to true to allow computing of this field.</b> For retrieval of this information, the user associated to the token being used must have Gitops Agent Edit permissions
- `metadata` (List of Object) Metadata of the agent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Name of the GitOps agent.
- `operator` (String) The Operator to use for the Harness GitOps agent. Enum: "ARGO" "FLAMINGO"
- `prefixed_identifier` (String) Prefixed identifier of the GitOps agent. Agent identifier prefixed with scope of the agent
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags for the GitOps agents. These can be used to search or filter the GitOps agents.
- `type` (String) Default: "AGENT_TYPE_UNSET"
Enum: "AGENT_TYPE_UNSET" "CONNECTED_ARGO_PROVIDER" "MANAGED_ARGO_PROVIDER"

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `high_availability` (Boolean)
- `is_namespaced` (Boolean)
- `namespace` (String)
