---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_resource_group Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  DataSource for looking up resource group in harness.
---

# harness_platform_resource_group (Data Source)

DataSource for looking up resource group in harness.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_resource_group" "test" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account Identifier of the account
- `allowed_scope_levels` (Set of String) The scope levels at which this resource group can be used
- `color` (String) Color of the environment.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `included_scopes` (Set of Object) Included scopes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--included_scopes))
- `resource_filter` (List of Object) Contains resource filter for a resource group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_filter))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--included_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `included_scopes`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `filter` (String)
- `org_id` (String)
- `project_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_filter`

Read-Only:

- `include_all_resources` (Boolean)
- `resources` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--resource_filter--resources))

<a id="nestedobjatt--resource_filter--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_filter.resources`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_filter` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--resource_filter--resources--attribute_filter))
- `identifiers` (Set of String)
- `resource_type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--resource_filter--resources--attribute_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_filter.resources.attribute_filter`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_name` (String)
- `attribute_values` (Set of String)


