---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_usergroup Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness User Group.
---

# harness_platform_usergroup (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness User Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_usergroup" "example_by_id" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
}

data "harness_platform_usergroup" "example_by_name" {
  name       = "name"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `externally_managed` (Boolean) Whether the user group is externally managed.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `linked_sso_display_name` (String) Name of the linked SSO.
- `linked_sso_id` (String) The SSO account ID that the user group is linked to.
- `linked_sso_type` (String) Type of linked SSO.
- `notification_configs` (Block Set) List of notification settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_configs))
- `sso_group_id` (String) Identifier of the userGroup in SSO.
- `sso_group_name` (String) Name of the SSO userGroup.
- `sso_linked` (Boolean) Whether sso is linked or not.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `users` (Set of String) List of users in the UserGroup.

<a id="nestedblock--notification_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configs`

Read-Only:

- `group_email` (String) Group email.
- `microsoft_teams_webhook_url` (String) Url of Microsoft teams webhook.
- `pager_duty_key` (String) Pager duty key.
- `send_email_to_all_users` (Boolean) Send email to all the group members.
- `slack_webhook_url` (String) Url of slack webhook.
- `type` (String) Can be one of EMAIL, SLACK, PAGERDUTY, MSTEAMS.
