---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource for looking up a Kubernetes connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_kubernetes (Data Source)

Datasource for looking up a Kubernetes connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `client_key_cert` (List of Object) Client key and certificate config for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_key_cert))
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `inherit_from_delegate` (List of Object) Credentials are inherited from the delegate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inherit_from_delegate))
- `openid_connect` (List of Object) OpenID configuration for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--openid_connect))
- `service_account` (List of Object) Service account for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_account))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `username_password` (List of Object) Username and password for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--username_password))

<a id="nestedatt--client_key_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_key_cert`

Read-Only:

- `ca_cert_ref` (String)
- `client_cert_ref` (String)
- `client_key_algorithm` (String)
- `client_key_passphrase_ref` (String)
- `client_key_ref` (String)
- `master_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--inherit_from_delegate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inherit_from_delegate`

Read-Only:

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--openid_connect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openid_connect`

Read-Only:

- `client_id_ref` (String)
- `issuer_url` (String)
- `master_url` (String)
- `password_ref` (String)
- `scopes` (List of String)
- `secret_ref` (String)
- `username` (String)
- `username_ref` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_account`

Read-Only:

- `master_url` (String)
- `service_account_token_ref` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `username_password`

Read-Only:

- `master_url` (String)
- `password_ref` (String)
- `username` (String)
- `username_ref` (String)


