---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_repo Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness repo.
---

# harness_platform_repo (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness repo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_repo" "example_by_identifier" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  project_id = "proj_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the repository.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Optional

- `default_branch` (String) Default branch of the repository.
- `description` (String) Description of the repository.
- `git_ignore` (String) Gitignore file for the repository.
- `license` (String) License for the repository.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `readme` (Boolean) Whether the repository has a readme.
- `source` (Block Set) Provider related configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source))

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Timestamp when the repository was created.
- `created_by` (Number) ID of the user who created the repository.
- `git_url` (String) Git URL of the repository.
- `id` (String) ID of the repository.
- `importing` (Boolean) Whether the repository is being imported.
- `num_closed_pulls` (Number) Number of closed pull requests.
- `num_merged_pulls` (Number) Number of merged pull requests.
- `num_open_pulls` (Number) Number of open pull requests.
- `num_pulls` (Number) Total number of pull requests.
- `path` (String) Path of the repository.
- `size` (Number) Size of the repository.
- `size_updated` (Number) Timestamp when the repository size was last updated.
- `updated` (Number) Timestamp when the repository was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The host URL for the import source.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for authentication when importing.
- `repo` (String) The provider repository to import from.
- `type` (String) The type of SCM provider (e.g., github) when importing.
- `username` (String) The username for authentication when importing.
