---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_splunk Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Datasource for looking up a Splunk connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_splunk (Data Source)

Datasource for looking up a Splunk connector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_platform_connector_splunk" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Splunk account id.
- `bearer_token` (List of Object) Authenticate to Splunk using bearer token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bearer_token))
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Tags to filter delegates for connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `hec_token` (List of Object) Authenticate to Splunk using HEC (HTTP Event Collector) token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hec_token))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `no_authentication` (List of Object) No authentication required for Splunk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--no_authentication))
- `password_ref` (String) The reference to the Harness secret containing the Splunk password. Deprecated: Use 'username_password' block instead. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `url` (String) URL of the Splunk server.
- `username` (String) The username used for connecting to Splunk. Deprecated: Use 'username_password' block instead.
- `username_password` (List of Object) Authenticate to Splunk using username and password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--username_password))

<a id="nestedatt--bearer_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bearer_token`

Read-Only:

- `bearer_token_ref` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--hec_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hec_token`

Read-Only:

- `hec_token_ref` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--no_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_authentication`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedatt--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `username_password`

Read-Only:

- `password_ref` (String)
- `username` (String)
