---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_service_discovery_agent Data Source - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a Harness Service Discovery Agent.
  This data source allows you to fetch details of a Service Discovery Agent using either its unique identifier or name.
---

# harness_service_discovery_agent (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a Harness Service Discovery Agent.

This data source allows you to fetch details of a Service Discovery Agent using either its unique identifier or name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Data source to fetch a specific agent by name
data "harness_service_discovery_agent" "by_name" {
  name                   = "example-agent"
  org_identifier         = var.org_identifier
  project_identifier     = var.project_identifier
  environment_identifier = var.environment_identifier
}

output "agent_details_by_name" {
  value = data.harness_service_discovery_agent.by_name
}

// Data source to fetch a specific agent by identity
data "harness_service_discovery_agent" "by_identity" {
  identity               = "example-infra"
  org_identifier         = var.org_identifier
  project_identifier     = var.project_identifier
  environment_identifier = var.environment_identifier
}

output "agent_details_by_identity" {
  value = data.harness_service_discovery_agent.by_identity
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_identifier` (String) The environment identifier of the agent. This is a required field.

### Optional

- `identity` (String) The unique identity of the agent. Either this or 'name' must be provided.
- `name` (String) The name of the agent. Either this or 'identity' must be provided.
- `org_identifier` (String) The organization identifier of the agent (optional). Must be 1-64 characters and contain only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, or underscores.
- `project_identifier` (String) The project identifier of the agent (optional). Must be 1-64 characters and contain only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, or underscores.

### Read-Only

- `config` (List of Object) Configuration for the agent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `correlation_id` (String) Correlation ID for the agent.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the agent was created.
- `created_by` (String) User who created the agent.
- `description` (String) Description of the agent.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent.
- `installation_details` (List of Object) Installation details of the agent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--installation_details))
- `installation_type` (String) Type of installation for the agent.
- `network_map_count` (Number) Number of network maps associated with this agent.
- `permanent_installation` (Boolean) Whether this is a permanent installation.
- `removed` (Boolean) Whether the agent has been removed.
- `removed_at` (String) Timestamp when the agent was removed.
- `service_count` (Number) Number of services managed by this agent.
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value map of resource tags for the agent.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the agent was last updated.
- `updated_by` (String) User who last updated the agent.
- `webhook_url` (String) Webhook URL for the agent.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `collector_image` (String)
- `data` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--data))
- `image_pull_secrets` (List of String)
- `kubernetes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes))
- `log_watcher_image` (String)
- `mtls` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--mtls))
- `proxy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--proxy))
- `skip_secure_verify` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.data`

Read-Only:

- `blacklisted_namespaces` (List of String)
- `collection_window_in_min` (Number)
- `cron` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--data--cron))
- `enable_batch_resources` (Boolean)
- `enable_node_agent` (Boolean)
- `enable_orphaned_pod` (Boolean)
- `namespace_selector` (String)
- `node_agent_selector` (String)
- `observed_namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--data--cron"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.data.cron`

Read-Only:

- `expression` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `disable_namespace_creation` (Boolean)
- `image_pull_policy` (String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `namespaced` (Boolean)
- `node_selector` (Map of String)
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--resources))
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `service_account` (String)
- `tolerations` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--tolerations))

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kubernetes.resources`

Read-Only:

- `limits` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--resources--limits))
- `requests` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--resources--requests))

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--resources--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kubernetes.resources.limits`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (String)
- `memory` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--resources--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kubernetes.resources.requests`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (String)
- `memory` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--kubernetes--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kubernetes.tolerations`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--mtls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.mtls`

Read-Only:

- `cert_path` (String)
- `key_path` (String)
- `secret_name` (String)
- `url` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.proxy`

Read-Only:

- `http_proxy` (String)
- `https_proxy` (String)
- `no_proxy` (String)
- `url` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--installation_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `installation_details`

Read-Only:

- `account_identifier` (String)
- `agent_details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--installation_details--agent_details))
- `agent_id` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `created_by` (String)
- `delegate_id` (String)
- `delegate_task_id` (String)
- `delegate_task_status` (String)
- `environment_identifier` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_cron_triggered` (Boolean)
- `log_stream_created_at` (String)
- `log_stream_id` (String)
- `org_identifier` (String)
- `project_identifier` (String)
- `removed` (Boolean)
- `removed_at` (String)
- `stopped` (Boolean)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `updated_by` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--installation_details--agent_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `installation_details.agent_details`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--installation_details--agent_details--cluster))
- `node` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--installation_details--agent_details--node))
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--installation_details--agent_details--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `installation_details.agent_details.cluster`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `uid` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--installation_details--agent_details--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `installation_details.agent_details.node`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `uid` (String)
