---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_cloudprovider_kubernetes Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Kubernetes cloud provider. This object uses the config-as-code API's. When updating the name or path of this resource you should typically also set the create_before_destroy = true lifecycle setting.
---

# harness_cloudprovider_kubernetes (Resource)

Resource for creating a Kubernetes cloud provider. This object uses the config-as-code API's. When updating the `name` or `path` of this resource you should typically also set the `create_before_destroy = true` lifecycle setting.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_secret_manager" "default" {
  default = true
}

resource "harness_encrypted_text" "username" {
  name              = "k8s_username"
  value             = "<USERNAME>"
  secret_manager_id = data.harness_secret_manager.default.id
}

resource "harness_encrypted_text" "password" {
  name              = "k8s_password"
  value             = "<PASSWORD>"
  secret_manager_id = data.harness_secret_manager.default.id
}

resource "harness_cloudprovider_kubernetes" "example" {
  name            = "example-cluster"
  skip_validation = true

  authentication {
    username_password {
      master_url           = "https://localhost.com"
      username_secret_name = harness_encrypted_text.username.name
      password_secret_name = harness_encrypted_text.password.name
    }
  }

  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **authentication** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Authentication configuration for the Kubernetes cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authentication))
- **name** (String) The name of the cloud provider.

### Optional

- **skip_validation** (Boolean) Skip validation of Kubernetes configuration.
- **usage_scope** (Block Set) This block is used for scoping the resource to a specific set of applications or environments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--usage_scope))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The id of the cloud provider.

<a id="nestedblock--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- **delegate_selectors** (List of String) Delegate selectors to inherit the GCP credentials from.
- **oidc** (Block List, Max: 1) Service account configuration for connecting to the Kubernetes cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authentication--oidc))
- **service_account** (Block List, Max: 1) Username and password for authentication to the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authentication--service_account))
- **username_password** (Block List, Max: 1) Username and password for authentication to the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authentication--username_password))

<a id="nestedblock--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oidc`

Required:

- **client_id_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the client ID for the cluster.
- **identity_provider_url** (String) URL of the identity provider to use.
- **master_url** (String) URL of the Kubernetes master to connect to.
- **password_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the password for the cluster.
- **username** (String) Username for authentication to the cluster. This can be the username itself or the ID of a harness secret.

Optional:

- **client_secret_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the client secret for the cluster.
- **scopes** (List of String) Scopes to request from the identity provider.


<a id="nestedblock--authentication--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.service_account`

Required:

- **master_url** (String) URL of the Kubernetes master to connect to.
- **service_account_token_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the service account token for the cluster.

Optional:

- **ca_certificate_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the CA certificate for the cluster.


<a id="nestedblock--authentication--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.username_password`

Required:

- **master_url** (String) URL of the Kubernetes master to connect to.
- **password_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the password for the cluster.

Optional:

- **username** (String) Username for authentication to the cluster
- **username_secret_name** (String) Name of the Harness secret containing the username for authentication to the cluster



<a id="nestedblock--usage_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage_scope`

Optional:

- **application_id** (String) Id of the application to scope to. If empty then this scope applies to all applications.
- **environment_filter_type** (String) Type of environment filter applied. Cannot be used with `environment_id`. Valid options are NON_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS, PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS.
- **environment_id** (String) Id of the id of the specific environment to scope to. Cannot be used with `environment_filter_type`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using the Harness kubernetes cloud provider id.
terraform import harness_cloudprovider_kubernetes.example <provider_id>
```
