---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_cloudprovider_aws Resource - harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a physical data center cloud provider
---

# harness_cloudprovider_aws (Resource)

Resource for creating a physical data center cloud provider



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **credentials** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Credential configuration for connecting to AWS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials))
- **name** (String) The name of the cloud provider.

### Optional

- **usage_scope** (Block Set) Usage scopes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--usage_scope))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The id of the cloud provider.

<a id="nestedblock--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Optional:

- **access_keys** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for acquiring credentials with an api key and secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--access_keys))
- **assume_cross_account_role** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for assuming a cross account role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--assume_cross_account_role))
- **delegate** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for acquiring credentials through the IAM profile associated with the delegate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--delegate))
- **iam_role_service_account** (Block List, Max: 1) Configure the use of IAM role for service accounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--iam_role_service_account))

<a id="nestedblock--credentials--access_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.access_keys`

Required:

- **encrypted_secret_access_key_secret_name** (String) The name of the encrypted text secret in Harness containing the AWS secret access key.

Optional:

- **access_key_id** (String) The plain text AWS access key id.
- **encrypted_access_key_name** (String) The name of the encrypted text secret in Harness containing the AWS access key id


<a id="nestedblock--credentials--assume_cross_account_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.assume_cross_account_role`

Required:

- **role_arn** (String) This is an IAM role in the target deployment AWS account.

Optional:

- **external_id** (String) If the administrator of the account to which the role belongs provided you with an external ID, then enter that value.


<a id="nestedblock--credentials--delegate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.delegate`

Required:

- **selector** (String) Select the Delegate to use via one of its Selectors.


<a id="nestedblock--credentials--iam_role_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.iam_role_service_account`

Required:

- **delegate_selector** (String) Select the Delegate to use via one of its Selectors.



<a id="nestedblock--usage_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage_scope`

Optional:

- **application_filter_type** (String) Type of application filter applied. ALL if not application id supplied, otherwise NULL
- **application_id** (String) Id of the application scoping
- **environment_filter_type** (String) Type of environment filter applied. ALL if not filter applied
- **environment_id** (String) Id of the environment scoping


