---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_fme_split_definition Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a FME split definition (feature flag configuration).
---

# harness_fme_split_definition (Resource)

Resource for creating a FME split definition (feature flag configuration).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_rule` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Default rule for the split definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_rule))
- `default_treatment` (String) Default treatment for the split definition.
- `environment_id` (String) ID of the environment this split definition belongs to.
- `split_name` (String) Name of the split this definition belongs to.
- `treatment` (Block List, Min: 1) List of treatments for the split definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--treatment))
- `workspace_id` (String) ID of the workspace this split definition belongs to.

### Optional

- `baseline_treatment` (String) Baseline treatment for the split definition.
- `rule` (Block List) List of rules for the split definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (Number) Creation time of the split definition.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_update_time` (Number) Last update time of the split definition.
- `traffic_allocation` (Number) Traffic allocation percentage for the split definition.

<a id="nestedblock--default_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_rule`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size percentage for the default rule (0-100).
- `treatment` (String) Treatment for the default rule.


<a id="nestedblock--treatment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `treatment`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the treatment.

Optional:

- `configurations` (String) JSON string of configurations for the treatment.
- `description` (String) Description of the treatment.
- `keys` (Set of String) Set of keys for the treatment.
- `segments` (Set of String) Set of segments for the treatment.


<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `bucket` (Block List, Min: 1) List of bucket configurations for this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--bucket))

Optional:

- `condition` (Block List, Max: 1) Condition configuration for this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--condition))

<a id="nestedblock--rule--bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.bucket`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size percentage for this bucket (0-100).
- `treatment` (String) Treatment for this bucket.


<a id="nestedblock--rule--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.condition`

Required:

- `combiner` (String) Combiner type for the condition (AND/OR).
- `matcher` (Block List, Min: 1) List of matchers for the condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--condition--matcher))

<a id="nestedblock--rule--condition--matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.condition.matcher`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Attribute to match on.
- `type` (String) Type of the matcher.

Optional:

- `negate` (Boolean) Whether to negate the match.
- `strings` (List of String) List of strings to match.
