---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_git_connector Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a git connector
---

# harness_git_connector (Resource)

Resource for creating a git connector

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harness_secret_manager" "default" {
  default = true
}

resource "harness_encrypted_text" "example" {
  name              = "example-secret"
  value             = "foo"
  secret_manager_id = data.harness_secret_manager.default.id
}

resource "harness_git_connector" "example" {
  name                 = "example"
  url                  = "https://github.com/harness/terraform-provider-harness"
  branch               = "master"
  generate_webhook_url = true
  password_secret_id   = harness_encrypted_text.example.id
  url_type             = "REPO"
  username             = "someuser"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the git connector.
- `url` (String) The URL of the git repository or account/organization
- `url_type` (String) The type of git url being used. Options are `ACCOUNT`, and `REPO.`

### Optional

- `branch` (String) The branch of the git connector to use
- `commit_details` (Block Set, Max: 1) Custom details to use when making commits using this git connector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--commit_details))
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Delegate selectors to apply to this git connector.
- `generate_webhook_url` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether or not to generate a webhook url.
- `password_secret_id` (String) The id of the secret for connecting to the git repository.
- `ssh_setting_id` (String) The id of the SSH secret to use
- `usage_scope` (Block Set) This block is used for scoping the resource to a specific set of applications or environments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--usage_scope))
- `username` (String) The name of the user used to connect to the git repository

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time the git connector was created
- `id` (String) Id of the git connector.
- `webhook_url` (String) The generated webhook url

<a id="nestedblock--commit_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `commit_details`

Optional:

- `author_email_id` (String) The email id of the author
- `author_name` (String) The name of the author
- `message` (String) Commit message


<a id="nestedblock--usage_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage_scope`

Optional:

- `application_id` (String) Id of the application to scope to. If empty then this scope applies to all applications.
- `environment_filter_type` (String) Type of environment filter applied. Cannot be used with `environment_id`. Valid options are NON_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS, PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS.
- `environment_id` (String) Id of the id of the specific environment to scope to. Cannot be used with `environment_filter_type`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using the Harness git connector id
terraform import harness_git_connector.example <connector_id>
```
