---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_governance_rule_enforcement Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating, updating, and managing rule enforcement.
---

# harness_governance_rule_enforcement (Resource)

Resource for creating, updating, and managing rule enforcement.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider for the rule enforcement. It should be either AWS, AZURE or GCP.
- `execution_schedule` (String) Execution schedule in cron format.
- `execution_timezone` (String) Timezone for the execution schedule.
- `name` (String) Name of the rule enforcement.
- `target_accounts` (List of String) List of target account which can be either AWS Account Ids or Azure Subscription Ids or Gcp Project Ids.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description for rule enforcement.
- `is_dry_run` (Boolean) Indicates if the rule enforcement is a dry run. This by default is set to false.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the rule enforcement is enabled. This by default is set to true.
- `rule_ids` (List of String) List of rule IDs. Either rule_ids or rule_set_ids should be provided.
- `rule_set_ids` (List of String) List of rule set IDs. Either rule_ids or rule_set_ids should be provided.
- `target_regions` (List of String) List of target regions. For GCP it should be left empty but is required in case of AWS or Azure.

### Read-Only

- `enforcement_id` (String) Id of the rule enforcement.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import governance enforcement
terraform import harness_governance_rule_enforcement.example <enforcement_id>
```
