---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating an Azure Key Vault in Harness.
---

# harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault (Resource)

Resource for creating an Azure Key Vault in Harness.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault" "example" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "example"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  client_id    = "client_id"
  secret_key   = "account.secret_key"
  tenant_id    = "tenant_id"
  vault_name   = "vault_name"
  subscription = "subscription"
  is_default   = false

  azure_environment_type = "AZURE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) Application ID of the Azure App.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `secret_key` (String) The Harness text secret with the Azure authentication key as its value.
- `subscription` (String) Azure Subscription ID.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure Active Directory (AAD) directory ID where you created your application.
- `vault_name` (String) The Azure Active Directory (AAD) directory ID where you created your application.

### Optional

- `azure_environment_type` (String) Specifies the Azure Environment type, which is AZURE by default. Can either be AZURE or AZURE_US_GOVERNMENT
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Connect using only the delegates which have these tags.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is default or not.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the Organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the Project.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource. Tags should be in the form `name:value`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using azure key vault connector id
terraform import harness_platform_connector_azure_key_vault.example <connector_id>
```
