---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_awscc Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating an AWS Cloud Cost connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_awscc (Resource)

Resource for creating an AWS Cloud Cost connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The AWS account id.
- `cross_account_access` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Harness uses the secure cross-account role to access your AWS account. The role includes a restricted policy to access the cost and usage reports and resources for the sole purpose of cost analysis and cost optimization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cross_account_access))
- `features_enabled` (Set of String) The features enabled for the connector. Valid values are BILLING, OPTIMIZATION, VISIBILITY.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `report_name` (String) The cost and usage report name. Provided in the delivery options when the template is opened in the AWS console.
- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of s3 bucket.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource. Tags should be in the form `name:value`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cross_account_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_account_access`

Required:

- `external_id` (String) The external id of the role to use for cross-account access. This is a random unique value to provide additional secure authentication.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to use for cross-account access.


