---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing Workspaces
---

# harness_platform_workspace (Resource)

Resource for managing Workspaces

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_workspace" "example" {
  name                    = "example"
  identifier              = "example"
  org_id                  = "org_id"
  project_id              = "project_id"
  provisioner             = "terraform"
  provisioner_version     = "1.5.6"
  repository              = "https://github.com/org/repo"
  repository_branch       = "main"
  repository_commit       = "349d90bb9c90f4a3482981c259080de31609e6f6"
  repository_path         = "tf/aws/basic"
  cost_estimation_enabled = true
  provider_connector      = "account.connector"
  repository_connector    = "account.connector"

  terraform_variable {
    key        = "key1"
    value      = "val1"
    value_type = "string"
  }
  terraform_variable {
    key        = "key2"
    value      = "val2"
    value_type = "string"
  }

  environment_variable {
    key        = "key1"
    value      = "val1"
    value_type = "string"
  }
  environment_variable {
    key        = "key2"
    value      = "val2"
    value_type = "string"
  }

  terraform_variable_file {
    repository           = "https://github.com/org/repo"
    repository_branch    = "main"
    repository_path      = "tf/gcp/basic"
    repository_connector = "account.connector"
  }
  terraform_variable_file {
    repository           = "https://github.com/org/repo"
    repository_branch    = "main"
    repository_path      = "tf/aws/basic"
    repository_connector = "account.connector"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cost_estimation_enabled` (Boolean) Cost estimation enabled determines if cost estimation operations are performed.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `provider_connector` (String) Provider connector is the reference to the connector for the infrastructure provider
- `provisioner_type` (String) Provisioner type defines the provisioning tool to use. Currently only terraform is supported.
- `provisioner_version` (String) Provisioner version defines the tool version to use. Currently we support versions of terraform less than or equal 1.5.6
- `repository` (String) Repository is the name of the repository to fetch the code from.
- `repository_connector` (String) Repository connector is the reference to the connector used to fetch the code.
- `repository_path` (String) Repository path is the path in which the code resides.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `environment_variable` (Block Set) Environment variables configured on the workspace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--environment_variable))
- `repository_branch` (String) Repository branch is the name of the branch to fetch the code from. This cannot be set if repository commit is set.
- `repository_commit` (String) Repository commit is commit or tag to fetch the code from. This cannot be set if repository branch is set.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `terraform_variable` (Block Set) Terraform variables configured on the workspace. Terraform variable keys must be unique within the workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--terraform_variable))
- `terraform_variable_file` (Block Set) Terraform variables files configured on the workspace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--terraform_variable_file))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--environment_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the identifier for the variable. Must be unique within the workspace.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the variable. For string value types this field should contain the value of the variable. For secret value types this should contain a reference to a valid harness secret.
- `value_type` (String) Value type indicates the value type of the variable. Currently we support string and secret.


<a id="nestedblock--terraform_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_variable`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the identifier for the variable. Must be unique within the workspace.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the variable. For string value types this field should contain the value of the variable. For secret value types this should contain a reference to a valid harness secret.
- `value_type` (String) Value type indicates the value type of the variable. Currently we support string and secret.


<a id="nestedblock--terraform_variable_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_variable_file`

Required:

- `repository` (String) Repository is the name of the repository to fetch the code from.
- `repository_connector` (String) Repository connector is the reference to the connector used to fetch the variables.

Optional:

- `repository_branch` (String) Repository branch is the name of the branch to fetch the variables from. This cannot be set if repository commit is set
- `repository_commit` (String) Repository commit is commit or tag to fetch the variables from. This cannot be set if repository branch is set.
- `repository_path` (String) Repository path is the path in which the variables reside.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import harness_platform_workspace.example <org_id>/<project_id>/<workspace_id>
```
