---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating a K8s connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_kubernetes (Resource)

Resource for creating a K8s connector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes" "clientKeyCert" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  client_key_cert {
    master_url                = "https://kubernetes.example.com"
    ca_cert_ref               = "account.TEST_k8ss_client_stuff"
    client_cert_ref           = "account.test_k8s_client_cert"
    client_key_ref            = "account.TEST_k8s_client_key"
    client_key_passphrase_ref = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
    client_key_algorithm      = "RSA"
  }

  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
}

resource "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes" "usernamePassword" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  username_password {
    master_url   = "https://kubernetes.example.com"
    username     = "admin"
    password_ref = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
  }

  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
}

resource "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes" "serviceAccount" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  service_account {
    master_url                = "https://kubernetes.example.com"
    service_account_token_ref = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
  }
  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
}

resource "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes" "openIDConnect" {
  identifier  = "%[1]s"
  name        = "%[2]s"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  openid_connect {
    master_url    = "https://kubernetes.example.com"
    issuer_url    = "https://oidc.example.com"
    username_ref  = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
    client_id_ref = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
    password_ref  = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
    secret_ref    = "account.TEST_k8s_client_test"
    scopes = [
      "scope1",
      "scope2"
    ]
  }

  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
}

resource "harness_platform_connector_kubernetes" "inheritFromDelegate" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  inherit_from_delegate {
    delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Optional

- `client_key_cert` (Block List, Max: 1) Client key and certificate config for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_key_cert))
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Selectors to use for the delegate.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `force_delete` (String) Enable this flag for force deletion of connector
- `inherit_from_delegate` (Block List, Max: 1) Credentials are inherited from the delegate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inherit_from_delegate))
- `openid_connect` (Block List, Max: 1) OpenID configuration for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--openid_connect))
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `service_account` (Block List, Max: 1) Service account for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_account))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `username_password` (Block List, Max: 1) Username and password for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--username_password))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--client_key_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_key_cert`

Required:

- `client_cert_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the client certificate for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `client_key_algorithm` (String) The algorithm used to generate the client key for the connector. Valid values are RSA, EC
- `client_key_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the client key for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `master_url` (String) The URL of the Kubernetes cluster.

Optional:

- `ca_cert_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the CA certificate for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `client_key_passphrase_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the client key passphrase for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.


<a id="nestedblock--inherit_from_delegate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inherit_from_delegate`

Required:

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Selectors to use for the delegate.


<a id="nestedblock--openid_connect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openid_connect`

Required:

- `client_id_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the client ID for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `issuer_url` (String) The URL of the OpenID Connect issuer.
- `master_url` (String) The URL of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `password_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the password for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

Optional:

- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes to request for the connector.
- `secret_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the client secret for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `username` (String) Username for the connector.
- `username_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the username for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.


<a id="nestedblock--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_account`

Required:

- `master_url` (String) The URL of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `service_account_token_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the service account token for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.


<a id="nestedblock--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `username_password`

Required:

- `master_url` (String) The URL of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `password_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the password for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

Optional:

- `username` (String) Username for the connector.
- `username_ref` (String) Reference to the secret containing the username for the connector. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import account level kubernetes connector 
terraform import harness_platform_connector_kubernetes.example <connector_id>

# Import org level kubernetes connector 
terraform import harness_platform_connector_kubernetes.example <ord_id>/<connector_id>

# Import project level kubernetes connector 
terraform import harness_platform_connector_kubernetes.example <org_id>/<project_id>/<connector_id>
```
