---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_repo Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Harness Repo.
---

# harness_platform_repo (Resource)

Resource for creating a Harness Repo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_repo" "test" {
  identifier         = "test_repo_123"
  name               = "test_repo_123"
  org_identifier     = "test_org_123"
  project_identifier = "test_project_123"
  default_branch     = "main"
  description        = "test_description_123"
  account_id         = "account_id"
  provider_repo      = "octocat/hello-worId"
  is_public          = true
  type               = "github"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account who created the repository.
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Optional

- `default_branch` (String) Default branch of the repository.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `git_ignore` (String) Gitignore file for the repository.
- `host` (String) The host URL for the import source.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Whether the repository is public.
- `license` (String) License for the repository.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `org_identifier` (String) Identifier of the organization.
- `parent_ref` (String) Reference to the parent repository.
- `password` (String) The password for authentication when importing.
- `pipelines` (String) The provider repo pipelines when importing.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `project_identifier` (String) Identifier of the project.
- `provider_repo` (String) The provider repository to import from.
- `readme` (Boolean) Whether the repository has a readme.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `type` (String) The type of import (e.g., git, svn, mercurial).
- `username` (String) The username for authentication when importing.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Timestamp when the repository was created.
- `created_by` (Number) ID of the user who created the repository.
- `fork_id` (Number) ID of the forked repository.
- `git_url` (String) Git URL of the repository.
- `id` (String) ID of the repository.
- `importing` (Boolean) Whether the repository is being imported.
- `num_closed_pulls` (Number) Number of closed pull requests.
- `num_forks` (Number) Number of forks.
- `num_merged_pulls` (Number) Number of merged pull requests.
- `num_open_pulls` (Number) Number of open pull requests.
- `num_pulls` (Number) Total number of pull requests.
- `parent_id` (Number) ID of the parent repository.
- `path` (String) Path of the repository.
- `size` (Number) Size of the repository.
- `size_updated` (Number) Timestamp when the repository size was last updated.
- `updated` (Number) Timestamp when the repository was last updated.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import
terraform import harness_platform_repo.example <repo_identifier>

# Import using the organization id
terraform import harness_platform_repo.example <organization_id>/<repo_identifier>

# Import using the organization id and the project id
terraform import harness_platform_repo.example <organization_id>/<project_id>/<repo_identifier>
```
