---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_service_overrides_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Harness service override V2.
---

# harness_platform_service_overrides_v2 (Resource)

Resource for creating a Harness service override V2.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_service_overrides_v2" "test" {
  org_id     = "orgIdentifier"
  project_id = "projectIdentifier"
  env_id     = "environmentIdentifier"
  service_id = "serviceIdentifier"
  infra_id   = "infraIdentifier"
  type       = "INFRA_SERVICE_OVERRIDE"
  yaml       = <<-EOT
    variables:
      - name: var1
        type: String
        value: val1
    configFiles:
      - configFile:
          identifier: sampleConfigFile
          spec:
            store:
              type: Harness
              spec:
                files:
                  - account:/configFile1
    manifests:
      - manifest:
          identifier: sampleManifestFile
          type: Values
          spec:
            store:
              type: Harness
              spec:
                files:
                  - account:/manifestFile1
  EOT
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment ID to which the override entity is associated.
- `yaml` (String) The yaml of the overrides spec object. This yaml will contain the details regarding the variables, config files, manifests, etc. which we want to override. The required yaml format is given in the example above. 
- `type` (String) The type of the overrides. There can be four types of overrides - 
  -  "ENV_GLOBAL_OVERRIDE" : Applies to an environment globally irrespective of the service used with it. We do not need to provide service_id for this type of override.  
  -  "ENV_SERVICE_OVERRIDE" : Applies to a specific environment & service combination. We need to provide both service_id & env_id for this type of override.
  -  "INFRA_GLOBAL_OVERRIDE" : Applies to an infrastructure globally irrespective of the service used with it. We do not need to provide service_id for this type of override. However, we need to provide the env_id as an infrastructure is always associated with an environment. 
  -  "INFRA_SERVICE_OVERRIDE" : Applies to a specific infrastructure & service combination. We need to provide all three i.e. service_id, infra_id & env_id (to which the infrastructure is associated) for this type of override.

### Optional

- `infra_id` (String) The infrastructure ID to which the override entity is associated.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `service_id` (String) The service ID to which the override entity is associated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identifier` (String) The identifier of the override entity. This identifier is generated based on the type of the override entity by joining respective environment, service & infrastructure identifiers with "_". 
  -  "ENV_GLOBAL_OVERRIDE" : If the env_id is e1, then the override identifier will be "e1".
  -  "ENV_SERVICE_OVERRIDE" : If the env_id is e1 & service_id is s1, then the override identifier will be "e1_s1".
  -  "INFRA_GLOBAL_OVERRIDE" : If the env_id is e1 & infra_id is i1, then the override identifier will be "e1_i1".
  -  "INFRA_SERVICE_OVERRIDE" : If the env_id is e1, service_id is s1 & infra_id is i1, then the override identifier will be "e1_s1_i1".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import account level service override
terraform import harness_platform_service_overrides_v2.example <override_id>

# Import org level service override
terraform import harness_platform_service_overrides_v2.example <org_id>/<override_id>

# Import project level service override
terraform import harness_platform_service_overrides_v2.example <org_id>/<project_id>/<override_id>
```
