---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_aws Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "NextGen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating an AWS connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_aws (Resource)

Resource for creating an AWS connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.

### Optional

- `cross_account_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Select this option if you want to use one AWS account for the connection, but you want to deploy or build in a different AWS account. In this scenario, the AWS account used for AWS access in Credentials will assume the IAM role you specify in Cross-account role ARN setting. This option uses the AWS Security Token Service (STS) feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cross_account_access))
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `inherit_from_delegate` (Block List, Max: 1) Inherit credentials from the delegate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inherit_from_delegate))
- `irsa` (Block List, Max: 1) Use IAM role for service accounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--irsa))
- `manual` (Block List, Max: 1) Use IAM role for service accounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manual))
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource. Tags should be in the form `name:value`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cross_account_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_account_access`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role that you want to assume. This is an IAM role in the target AWS account.

Optional:

- `external_id` (String) If the administrator of the account to which the role belongs provided you with an external ID, then enter that value.


<a id="nestedblock--inherit_from_delegate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inherit_from_delegate`

Required:

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) The delegates to inherit the credentials from.


<a id="nestedblock--irsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `irsa`

Required:

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) The delegates to inherit the credentials from.


<a id="nestedblock--manual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manual`

Required:

- `secret_key_ref` (String) Reference to the Harness secret containing the aws secret key.

Optional:

- `access_key` (String) AWS access key.
- `access_key_ref` (String) Reference to the Harness secret containing the aws access key.
- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Connect only use delegates with these tags.


