---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_custom_secret_manager Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Custom Secrets Manager (CSM) connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_custom_secret_manager (Resource)

Resource for creating a Custom Secrets Manager (CSM) connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `template_ref` (String)
- `version_label` (String)

### Optional

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Tags to filter delegates for connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `on_delegate` (Boolean)
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `ssh_secret_ref` (String) SSH secret reference for the custom secrets manager, required if 'on_delegate' is false.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `target_host` (String) Host where the custom secrets manager is located, required if 'on_delegate' is false.
- `template_inputs` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template_inputs))
- `timeout` (Number)
- `type` (String)
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory for operations, required if 'on_delegate' is false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--template_inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_inputs`

Optional:

- `environment_variable` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template_inputs--environment_variable))

<a id="nestedblock--template_inputs--environment_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_inputs.environment_variable`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)

Optional:

- `default` (Boolean)
