---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_infra_module Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for managing Terraform/Tofu Modules.
---

# harness_platform_infra_module (Resource)

Resource for managing Terraform/Tofu Modules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_infra_module" "example" {
  description          = "example"
  name                 = "name"
  system               = "provider"
  repository           = "repo"
  repository_branch    = "main"
  repository_path      = "tf/aws/basic"
  repository_connector = harness_platform_connector_github.test.id
  onboarding_pipeline         = "my_onboarding_pipeline"
  onboarding_pipeline_org     = "default"
  onboarding_pipeline_project = "IaCM_Project"
  onboarding_pipeline_sync    = true
  storage_type                = "artifact"
  connector_org               = "default"
  connector_project           = "my_project"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the module.
- `system` (String) Provider of the module.

### Optional

- `connector_org` (String) Org of the connector to be used to fetch the code.
- `connector_project` (String) Project of the connector to be used to fetch the code.
- `created` (Number) Timestamp when the module was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the module.
- `git_tag_style` (String) Git Tag Style.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the module.
- `onboarding_pipeline` (String) Onboarding Pipeline identifier.
- `onboarding_pipeline_org` (String) Onboarding Pipeline organization.
- `onboarding_pipeline_project` (String) Onboarding Pipeline project.
- `onboarding_pipeline_sync` (Boolean) Sync the project automatically.
- `repository` (String) For account connectors, the repository name where the module can be found.
- `repository_branch` (String) Name of the branch to fetch the code from. This cannot be set if repository commit is set.
- `repository_commit` (String) Tag to fetch the code from. This cannot be set if repository branch is set.
- `repository_connector` (String) Reference to the connector to be used to fetch the code.
- `repository_path` (String) Path to the module within the repository.
- `repository_url` (String) URL of the repository where the module is stored.
- `storage_type` (String) How to store the artifact.
- `synced` (Number) Timestamp when the module was last synced.
- `tags` (String) Git tags associated with the module.
- `versions` (List of String) List of versions of the module.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import harness_platform_infra_module.example <module_id>
```
