---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_gitops_repository Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating Harness Gitops Repositories.
---

# harness_platform_gitops_repository (Resource)

Resource for creating Harness Gitops Repositories.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_platform_gitops_repository" "example" {
  identifier = "identifier"
  account_id = "account_id"
  project_id = "project_id"
  org_id     = "org_id"
  agent_id   = "agent_id"
  repo {
    repo            = "https://github.com/willycoll/argocd-example-apps.git"
    name            = "repo_name"
    insecure        = true
    connection_type = "HTTPS_ANONYMOUS"
  }
  upsert = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `agent_id` (String) Agent identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `repo` (Block List, Min: 1) Repo details holding application configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--repo))

### Optional

- `creds_only` (Boolean) Indicates if to operate on credential set instead of repository.
- `org_id` (String) Organization identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier of the GitOps repository.
- `query_force_refresh` (Boolean) Indicates to force refresh query for repository.
- `query_project` (String) Project to query for the GitOps repo.
- `query_repo` (String) GitOps repository to query.
- `update_mask` (Block List) Update mask of the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--update_mask))
- `upsert` (Boolean) Indicates if the GitOps repository should be updated if existing and inserted if not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Id of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `repo`

Required:

- `connection_type` (String) Identifies the authentication method used to connect to the repository.
- `repo` (String) URL to the remote repository.

Optional:

- `enable_lfs` (Boolean) Indicates if git-lfs support must be enabled for this repo. This is valid only for Git repositories.
- `enable_oci` (Boolean) Indicates if helm-oci support must be enabled for this repo.
- `github_app_enterprise_base_url` (String) Base URL of GitHub Enterprise installation. If left empty, this defaults to https://api.github.com.
- `github_app_id` (String) Id of the GitHub app used to access the repo.
- `github_app_installation_id` (String) Installation id of the GitHub app used to access the repo.
- `github_app_private_key` (String) GitHub app private key PEM data.
- `inherited_creds` (Boolean) Indicates if the credentials were inherited from a credential set.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Indicates if the connection to the repository ignores any errors when verifying TLS certificates or SSH host keys.
- `insecure_ignore_host_key` (Boolean) Indicates if InsecureIgnoreHostKey should be used. Insecure is favored used only for git repos.
- `name` (String) Name to be used for this repo. Only used with Helm repos.
- `password` (String) Password or PAT used for authenticating at the remote repository.
- `project` (String) Reference between project and repository that allow you automatically to be added as item inside SourceRepos project entity.
- `proxy` (String) The HTTP/HTTPS proxy used to access the repo.
- `ssh_private_key` (String) PEM data for authenticating at the repo server. Only used with Git repos.
- `tls_client_cert_data` (String) Certificate in PEM format for authenticating at the repo server.
- `tls_client_cert_key` (String) Private key in PEM format for authenticating at the repo server.
- `type_` (String) Type specifies the type of the repo. Can be either "git" or "helm. "git" is assumed if empty or absent.
- `username` (String) Username used for authenticating at the remote repository.


<a id="nestedblock--update_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_mask`

Optional:

- `paths` (List of String) The set of field mask paths.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import a Account level Gitops Repository
terraform import harness_platform_gitops_repository.example <agent_id>/<respository_id>

# Import a Project level Gitops Repository
terraform import harness_platform_gitops_repository.example <organization_id>/<project_id>/<agent_id>/<respository_id>
```
