---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_awskms Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating an AWS KMS connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_awskms (Resource)

Resource for creating an AWS KMS connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `arn_ref` (String) A reference to the Harness secret containing the ARN of the AWS KMS.
- `credentials` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The credentials to use for connecting to aws. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials))
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `region` (String) The AWS region where the AWS Secret Manager is.

### Optional

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Connect using only the delegates which have these tags.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `git_sync` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_sync))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Optional:

- `assume_role` (Block List, Max: 1) Connect using STS assume role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--assume_role))
- `inherit_from_delegate` (Boolean) Inherit the credentials from from the delegate.
- `manual` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the AWS key and secret used for authenticating. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credentials--manual))

<a id="nestedblock--credentials--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.assume_role`

Required:

- `duration` (Number) The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) to 3600 seconds (1 hour). By default, the value is set to 3600 seconds. An expiration can also be specified in the client request body. The minimum value is 1 hour.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume.

Optional:

- `external_id` (String) If the administrator of the account to which the role belongs provided you with an external ID, then enter that value.


<a id="nestedblock--credentials--manual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.manual`

Required:

- `access_key_ref` (String) The reference to the Harness secret containing the AWS access key.
- `secret_key_ref` (String) The reference to the Harness secret containing the AWS secret key.



<a id="nestedblock--git_sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_sync`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) The git branch to use for the resource.
- `file_path` (String) The file path of the resource.
- `repo_id` (String) Git sync config Id.
- `root_folder` (String) The root folder path of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `object_id` (String) The object id of the resource.


