---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_connector_service_now Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Service Now connector.
---

# harness_platform_connector_service_now (Resource)

Resource for creating a Service Now connector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Credential type UsernamePassword
resource "harness_platform_connector_service_now" "test" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "test"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  service_now_url    = "https://servicenow.com"
  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
  auth {
    auth_type = "UsernamePassword"
    username_password {
      username     = "admin"
      password_ref = "account.password_ref"
    }
  }
}

# Credential type AdfsClientCredentialsWithCertificate
resource "harness_platform_connector_service_now" "test" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "test"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  service_now_url    = "https://servicenow.com"
  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
  auth {
    auth_type = "AdfsClientCredentialsWithCertificate"
    adfs {
      certificate_ref = "account.certificate_ref"
      private_key_ref = "account.private_key_ref}"
      client_id_ref   = "account.client_id_ref"
      resource_id_ref = "account.resource_id_ref"
      adfs_url        = "https://adfs_url.com"
    }
  }
}

# Credential type RefreshTokenGrantType
resource "harness_platform_connector_service_now" "test" {
  identifier  = "identifier"
  name        = "name"
  description = "test"
  tags        = ["foo:bar"]

  service_now_url    = "https://test.service-now.com"
  delegate_selectors = ["harness-delegate"]
  auth {
    auth_type = "RefreshTokenGrantType"
    adfs {
      token_url         = "https://test.service-now.com/oauth_token.do"
      refresh_token_ref = "account.refresh_token_ref"
      client_id_ref     = "account.client_id_ref"
      client_secret_ref = "account.client_secret_ref"
      scope             = "email openid profile"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The credentials to use for the service now authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth))
- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `service_now_url` (String) URL of service now.

### Optional

- `delegate_selectors` (Set of String) Tags to filter delegates for connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `password_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the password to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to associate with the resource.
- `username` (String) Username to use for authentication.
- `username_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the username to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) Authentication types for Jira connector

Optional:

- `adfs` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticate using adfs client credentials with certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth--adfs))
- `refresh_token` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticate using refresh token grant type. Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag CDS_SERVICENOW_REFRESH_TOKEN_AUTH. Contact Harness Support to enable the feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth--refresh_token))
- `username_password` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticate using username password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth--username_password))

<a id="nestedblock--auth--adfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.adfs`

Required:

- `adfs_url` (String) asdf URL.
- `certificate_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the certificate to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `client_id_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the clientIdRef to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `private_key_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the privateKeyRef to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `resource_id_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the resourceIdRef to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.


<a id="nestedblock--auth--refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.refresh_token`

Required:

- `client_id_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the client id to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `refresh_token_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the refresh token to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `token_url` (String) Token url to use for authentication.

Optional:

- `client_secret_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the client secret to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.
- `scope` (String) Scope string to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.


<a id="nestedblock--auth--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.username_password`

Required:

- `password_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the password to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

Optional:

- `username` (String) Username to use for authentication.
- `username_ref` (String) Reference to a secret containing the username to use for authentication. To reference a secret at the organization scope, prefix 'org' to the expression: org.{identifier}. To reference a secret at the account scope, prefix 'account` to the expression: account.{identifier}.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import account level service now connector 
terraform import harness_platform_connector_service_now.example <connector_id>

# Import org level service now connector 
terraform import harness_platform_connector_service_now.example <ord_id>/<connector_id>

# Import project level service now connector 
terraform import harness_platform_connector_service_now.example <org_id>/<project_id>/<connector_id>
```
