---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_platform_repo_rule_branch Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: "Next Gen"
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Harness Repo Rule.
---

# harness_platform_repo_rule_branch (Resource)

Resource for creating a Harness Repo Rule.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bypass_list` (Block Set, Min: 1) List of users who can bypass this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bypass_list))
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the rule.
- `policies` (Block Set, Min: 1) Rules to be applied on the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policies))
- `repo_identifier` (String) Repo identifier of the repository.
- `state` (String) State of the rule (active, disable, monitor).

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the rule.
- `org_id` (String) Unique identifier of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) Unique identifier of the project.
- `target_patterns` (Block Set) Pattern of branch to which rule will apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_patterns))

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Timestamp when the rule was created.
- `created_by` (Number) ID of the user who created the rule.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated` (Number) Timestamp when the rule was updated.
- `updated_by` (Number) ID of the user who updated the rule.

<a id="nestedblock--bypass_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bypass_list`

Optional:

- `repo_owners` (Boolean) Allow users with repository edit permission to bypass.
- `user_ids` (List of String) List of user ids with who can bypass.


<a id="nestedblock--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Optional:

- `auto_delete_branch_on_merge` (Boolean) Automatically delete the source branch of a pull request after it is merged.
- `block_branch_creation` (Boolean) Only allow users with bypass permission to create matching branches.
- `block_branch_deletion` (Boolean) Only allow users with bypass permission to delete matching branches.
- `limit_merge_strategies` (List of String) Limit which merge strategies are available to merge a pull request(One of squash, rebase, merge).
- `require_code_owners` (Boolean) Require approval on pull requests from one reviewer for each Code Owner rule.
- `require_comment_resolution` (Boolean) All comments on a pull request must be resolved before it can be merged.
- `require_latest_commit` (Boolean) Require re-approval when there are new changes in the pull request.
- `require_minimum_count` (Number) Require approval on pull requests from a minimum number of reviewers.
- `require_no_change_request` (Boolean) Require no request changes by reviewers on pull requests.
- `require_pull_request` (Boolean) Do not allow any changes to matching branches without a pull request.
- `require_status_check_to_pass` (List of String) Selected status checks must pass before a pull request can be merged.


<a id="nestedblock--target_patterns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_patterns`

Optional:

- `default_branch` (Boolean) Should rule apply to default branch of the repository
- `exclude` (List of String) Globstar branch patterns on which rules will NOT be applied
- `include` (List of String) Globstar branch patterns on which rules will be applied
