---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harness_user_group Resource - terraform-provider-harness"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a Harness user group
---

# harness_user_group (Resource)

Resource for creating a Harness user group

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harness_user_group" "example" {
  name        = "example-group"
  description = "This group demonstrates account level and resource level permissions."

  permissions {

    account_permissions = ["ADMINISTER_OTHER_ACCOUNT_FUNCTIONS", "MANAGE_API_KEYS"]

    app_permissions {

      all {
        actions = ["CREATE", "READ", "UPDATE", "DELETE"]
      }

      deployment {
        actions = ["READ", "ROLLBACK_WORKFLOW", "EXECUTE_PIPELINE", "EXECUTE_WORKFLOW"]
        filters = ["NON_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS"]
      }

      deployment {
        actions = ["READ"]
        filters = ["PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS"]
      }

      environment {
        actions = ["CREATE", "READ", "UPDATE", "DELETE"]
        filters = ["NON_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS"]
      }

      environment {
        actions = ["READ"]
        filters = ["PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS"]
      }

      pipeline {
        actions = ["CREATE", "READ", "UPDATE", "DELETE"]
        filters = ["NON_PRODUCTION_PIPELINES"]
      }

      pipeline {
        actions = ["READ"]
        filters = ["PRODUCTION_PIPELINES"]
      }

      provisioner {
        actions = ["UPDATE", "DELETE"]
      }

      provisioner {
        actions = ["CREATE", "READ"]
      }

      service {
        actions = ["UPDATE", "DELETE"]
      }

      service {
        actions = ["UPDATE", "DELETE"]
      }

      template {
        actions = ["CREATE", "READ", "UPDATE", "DELETE"]
      }

      workflow {
        actions = ["UPDATE", "DELETE"]
        filters = ["NON_PRODUCTION_WORKFLOWS", ]
      }

      workflow {
        actions = ["CREATE", "READ"]
        filters = ["PRODUCTION_WORKFLOWS", "WORKFLOW_TEMPLATES"]
      }

    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the user group.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the user group.
- `ldap_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) The LDAP settings for the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldap_settings))
- `notification_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) The notification settings of the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_settings))
- `permissions` (Block List, Max: 1) The permissions of the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))
- `saml_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) The SAML settings for the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saml_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the user group.
- `imported_by_scim` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user group was imported by SCIM.
- `is_sso_linked` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user group is linked to an SSO provider.

<a id="nestedblock--ldap_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap_settings`

Optional:

- `group_dn` (String) The group DN of the LDAP user group.
- `group_name` (String) The group name of the LDAP user group.
- `sso_provider_id` (String) The ID of the SSO provider.


<a id="nestedblock--notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_settings`

Optional:

- `group_email_addresses` (List of String) The email addresses of the user group.
- `microsoft_teams_webhook_url` (String) The Microsoft Teams webhook URL of the user group.
- `send_mail_to_new_members` (Boolean) Indicates whether an email is sent when a new user is added to the group.
- `send_notifications_to_members` (Boolean) Enable this setting to have notifications sent to the members of this group.
- `slack_channel` (String) The Slack channel to send notifications to.
- `slack_webhook_url` (String) The Slack webhook URL to send notifications to.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `account_permissions` (Set of String) The account permissions of the user group. Valid options are ADMINISTER_OTHER_ACCOUNT_FUNCTIONS, CREATE_AND_DELETE_APPLICATION, CREATE_CUSTOM_DASHBOARDS, MANAGE_ALERT_NOTIFICATION_RULES, MANAGE_API_KEYS, MANAGE_APPLICATION_STACKS, MANAGE_AUTHENTICATION_SETTINGS, MANAGE_CLOUD_PROVIDERS, MANAGE_CONFIG_AS_CODE, MANAGE_CONNECTORS, MANAGE_CUSTOM_DASHBOARDS, MANAGE_DELEGATE_PROFILES, MANAGE_DELEGATES, MANAGE_DEPLOYMENT_FREEZES, MANAGE_IP_WHITELIST, MANAGE_PIPELINE_GOVERNANCE_STANDARDS, MANAGE_RESTRICTED_ACCESS, MANAGE_SECRET_MANAGERS, MANAGE_SECRETS, MANAGE_SSH_AND_WINRM, MANAGE_TAGS, MANAGE_TEMPLATE_LIBRARY, MANAGE_USER_AND_USER_GROUPS_AND_API_KEYS, MANAGE_USERS_AND_GROUPS, READ_USERS_AND_GROUPS, VIEW_AUDITS, VIEW_USER_AND_USER_GROUPS_AND_API_KEYS
- `app_permissions` (Block List, Max: 1) Application specific permissions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions`

Optional:

- `all` (Block Set) The permission to perform actions against all resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--all))
- `deployment` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against deployments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--deployment))
- `environment` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against workflows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--environment))
- `pipeline` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against pipelines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--pipeline))
- `provisioner` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against provisioners. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--provisioner))
- `service` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--service))
- `template` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against templates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--template))
- `workflow` (Block Set) Permission configuration to perform actions against workflows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--workflow))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.all`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE, EXECUTE_WORKFLOW, EXECUTE_PIPELINE, ROLLBACK_WORKFLOW

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.deployment`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are READ, EXECUTE_WORKFLOW, EXECUTE_PIPELINE, ROLLBACK_WORKFLOW
- `filters` (Set of String) The filters to apply to the action. Valid options are: NON_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS, PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS.

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.
- `env_ids` (Set of String) The environment IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all environments.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.environment`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE
- `filters` (Set of String) The filters to apply to the action. Valid options are: NON_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS, PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS.

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.
- `env_ids` (Set of String) The environment IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all environments.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--pipeline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.pipeline`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are [CREATE READ UPDATE DELETE]
- `filters` (Set of String) The filters to apply to the action. Valid options are: NON_PRODUCTION_PIPELINES, PRODUCTION_PIPELINES.

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.
- `env_ids` (Set of String) The environment IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all environments.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--provisioner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.provisioner`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.
- `provisioner_ids` (Set of String) The provisioner IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all provisioners.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.service`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.
- `service_ids` (Set of String) The service IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all services.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.template`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.
- `template_ids` (Set of String) The template IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all environments.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--app_permissions--workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.app_permissions.workflow`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String) The actions allowed to be performed. Valid options are CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE
- `filters` (Set of String) The filters to apply to the action. Valid options are: NON_PRODUCTION_WORKFLOWS, PRODUCTION_WORKFLOWS, WORKFLOW_TEMPLATES.

Optional:

- `app_ids` (Set of String) The application IDs to which the permission applies. Leave empty to apply to all applications.




<a id="nestedblock--saml_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_settings`

Optional:

- `group_name` (String) The group name of the SAML user group.
- `sso_provider_id` (String) The ID of the SSO provider.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using the id of the user group
terraform import harness_user_group.example <USER_GROUP_ID>
```
